# Schrödinger's Cats
Overlaping Technology, Security and Space


**NASA Space Apps - Save the Earth from Anothes Carrington Event!**
Project: Superposing Machine Learning, Securityand Space!

Description: Unfurtunately, we weren't able to complete our idea, especially because of the time, the difficulty to work and manipulate the datas and problems to understand what we really need to do in the progress of the code to reach the challenge objective. Our final idea was a machine learning that, based on past track of changes over the time in the magnetic field of two probes (Wind and DSCOVR) (datas that are relationed to peaks of solar wind speed) and Wind ion parameters, would be able to model a relation between them. And this relation is what could be used to predict futures measures, helping to warn earlier about potential dangerous events, as Carrington.

Ideal proposal, challenges, what we did: Thinking about all of this, our ideal proposal would be a temporal serie machine learning that, receiving as input the magnetic field values of Wind and DSCOVR over time, besides the Wind ion parameters (density, velocity and temperature), would correlation the first two datas using DTW mapping, uses the time corralation to analize how the ion parameters also change and be trained to predict futures values for the ion parameters but now relationed to the DSCOVR probe, wich can be used to predict if it would have solar wind peaks. But, considering its complexity, we found some challenges in the process... some examples are to get all the correct datas from the data bank, have access to some of them and open and to do the DTW mapping, especially considering the time that we had and that we are just in the first year of graduation, so a theorical base is missing. However, to show what we know and to, besides all of that, try to develop a machine learning that predict future possible datas, we did the beginning of a model that receive the DSCOVR magnetic field over the time and, estiblishing some relation and logic between it, would return an approximate of the future measures. Unfurtunately we just was able to collect the datas, plot graphs of them and a tentative of interpretation.
